Update installation.rst (#118)
qutip/qutip-doc: installation.rst

We are recommending and supporting installation of QuTiP into a Conda environment. Other scientific Python implementations such as Python-xy may also work, but are not supported.  

> As of QuTiP 4.1, recommended installation on Windows requires Python 3.5+, as well as MS Visual C++ Build Tools. MS Visual C++ Build Tools are strictly required for the install of the conda-forge package, but MS Visual Studio 2015 (or more recent) is recommended because it is required at runtime for the string format time-dependence solvers. When installing MS Visual Studio be sure to select the following components: 

Reviewer: > Build Tools are strictly required for the install of the conda-forge package, but MS Visual Studio 2015 (or more recent) is recommended because it is required at runtime for the string format time-dependence solvers.

Do you know if there is any problem if one only install the build tools? I'm also using build tools and haven't experienced any problem so far. I'm wondering if we can say that VS C++ build tools are enough instead of recommendingVS2015.

Author: Long answer short, VS C++ build tools are enough, that is correct.

However, as I said in the lines 206 and following, using the developer command prompt saves time in adjusting the PATH variables a few times, to ensure Windows locates all the dependencies downloaded with the build tools. 
As far as I could see that comes with VS2015+, but maybe there is a shortcut to install it otherwise? 

Again, an expert user can circumvent the issue with little patience. VS2015 saves time trading off for space :D

> As of QuTiP 4.1, recommended installation on Windows requires Python 3.5+, as well as MS Visual C++ Build Tools. MS Visual C++ Build Tools are strictly required for the install of the conda-forge package, but MS Visual Studio 2015 (or more recent) is recommended because it is required at runtime for the string format time-dependence solvers. When installing MS Visual Studio be sure to select the following components: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of QuTiP 4.1, recommended installation on Windows requires Python 3.5+, as well as MS Visual C++ Build Tools. MS Visual C++ Build Tools are strictly required for the install of the conda-forge package, but [MS Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/downloads/) 2015 (or more recent) is recommended because it is required at runtime for the string format time-dependence solvers. When installing MS Visual Studio be sure to select the following components: 
```

- Windows "X" SDK (where "X" stands for your version: 7/8/8.1/10)
- MSVC v140 - VS 2015 C++ build tools (v14.00) 

With this configuration, one can install QuTiP using any of the above mentioned receipes. 
.. important:: In order to prevent issues with where Windows locates the PATH variables for the compiler and dll dependencies, it is recommended NOT to launch the usual command prompt in Windows, but use instead the developer command prompt provided in the Visual Studio 2015+ folder. 

The 'Community' edition of Visual Studio 2015 is free to download use, however it does require approx 10GB of disk space, much of which does have to be on the system drive. If this is not feasible, then it is possible to either:

> - install only MS Visual C++ Build Tools 14.0 and the SDK ahead of QuTiP (this should save about 2 GB of space)

Reviewer: Could you provide a link for the build tools you installed?

Author: Sure, here it is:
[https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/it/visual-cpp-build-tools/](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/en/visual-cpp-build-tools/ )

> - run QuTiP under Python 2.7.

Reviewer: The doc is a bit outdated. Actually QuTip offers no more official support on Python 2.7. Do you mean something like Python 3.5?

> The 'Community' edition of Visual Studio 2015 is free to download use, however it does require approx 10GB of disk space, much of which does have to be on the system drive. If this is not feasible, then it is possible to either:
> - install only MS Visual C++ Build Tools 14.0 and the SDK ahead of QuTiP (this should save about 2 GB of space)
> - run QuTiP under Python 2.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Community' edition of Visual Studio 2015 is free to download use, however it does require approx 10GB of disk space, much of which does have to be on the system drive. If this is not feasible, then it is possible to install only [MS Visual C++ Build Tools 14.0 and the SDK](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/visual-cpp-build-tools/) ahead of QuTiP (this should save about 2 GB of space)
```
